docs(update): 1st week of communiuty bonding period update provided (#43)
fossology/gsoc: docs/2022/ui/updates/soham/2022-06-02.md

-->

## Meeting 1

_(June 2nd, 2022)_

First GSOC 2022 weekly update meeting

<!--truncate-->

### Discussions

> - Understood the flow and processes of the weekly updates meetings organised by the Organisation.
> - Discussed and came to fix a suitable time for project specific weekly meetings (Every Tuesday 2:30PM to 3:30PM GMT)
> - Explained the fixes issued during this week and the possiblities of more upcoming fixes.
> - Some project specific doubts cleared regarding the API testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Understood the flow and processes of the weekly updates meetings organized by the Organisation.
- Discussed and came to fix a suitable time for project-specific weekly meetings (Every Tuesday from 2:30 PM to 3:30 PM GMT)
- Explained the fixes issued during this week and the possibilities of more upcoming fixes.
- Some project-specific doubts cleared regarding the API testing
```

### Contributions

- [API Header fix](https://github.com/fossology/FOSSologyUI/pull/210)
- [Constants exported for browse module](https://github.com/fossology/FOSSologyUI/pull/207)
- [Updated dependencies of the project](https://github.com/fossology/FOSSologyUI/pull/206)

### Conclusion and Further Plans

> - Currently will be looking for scopes to modularise the larger components into smaller components for better reusablity and flexiblity in the future updates.
> - Will be testing the APIs and if issues found will be reporting them to the mentors and will be issuing respective fixes for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently will be looking for scopes to modularise the larger components into smaller components for better reusability and flexibility in future updates.
- Will be testing the APIs and if issues are found will be reporting them to the mentors and will be issuing respective fixes for them.
```
